
Magic Mod is mod based around... well... Magic!

It will add a bunch of new magic weapons, accessories, and consumables, and tinker with some of the basic magic mechanics in the game.
Currently added: 4 new weapons, 12 new accessories, 8 new accessory modifiers, 5 new buffs/debuffs, 3(4) new recipies for vanilla items, and 1 new enemy.

NOTICE: TO SEE THE CHANGELOG, LASTEST UPDATES, AND MORE INFORMATION, CLICK ON THE HOMEPAGE/GITHUB LINK AND VIEW THE README FILE! Thank you :)



------Weapons------


Fairy Wand: Early game magic weapon that shoots fallen star projectiles.
1x Wood, 1x Fallen Star

Lesser Healing Staff - Will restore a small amount of the user's health when used.
1x Wood, 1x Mana Core (Read more about this in accessories)

Greater Healing Staff - Will restore a large amount of the user's health when used.
1x Lesser Healing Staff, 15x Pixie Dust

Zephyr's Blade - My first modded weapon, a Terrablade that deals Magic Damage.
1x Terrablade, 5x Mana Crystal




------Accessories------


Mana Core - Restores Health when spending Mana. 2 Defense
2x Life Crystal, 2x Mana Crystal, 10x Stone

Shiny Gem - Grants the player additional Mana and some reduced Mana usage. Also makes the player glow.
1x Large Diamond, 3x Fallen Star, 3x Shine Potion

Ceremonial Dagger - Uses Health to cast spells when the player runs out of Mana.
6x Hellstone Bar, 1x Mana Core

Essence Dropper - Grants the player additional Mana regen when hitting an enemy with a magic attack.
1x Empty Dropper, 5x Soul of Light, 3x Mana Crystal

Soul Dropper - Grants the player additional Health regen when hitting an enemy with a magic attack.
1x Empty Dropper, 5x Soul of Night, 3x Mana Crystal

Reaper's Vial - Grants the player additional Health and Mana regen when hitting an enemy with a magic attack.
1x Essence Dropper, 1x Soul Dropper, 4x Ectoplasm


---Sigils--- (These powerful accessories will allow you to play as a Mage in a multitude of ways, but you may only have one equipped at a time.)

Power Sigil - Grants the player greatly increased Magic Damage and Magic Critical Strike Chance, at the cost of increased Mana Usage;
1x Avenger Emblem, 10x Mana Crystal

Focus Sigil - Grants the player moderately increased Magic Damage and Magic Critical Strike Chance, at the cost of a massive Melee, Ranged, and Minion Damage reduction.
1x Avenger Emblem, 10x Mana Crystal

Mana Sigil - Grants the player insanely high Mana regen and lots of Maximum Mana, at the cost of a medium Magic Damage reduction.
1x Avenger Emblem, 10x Mana Crystal

Blood Sigil - Increased Magic Damage and Magic Critical Strike Chance, at the cost of casting spells with Health instead of Mana (at a reduced casting cost).
1x Avenger Emblem, 10x Mana Crystal

Control Sigil - Greatly reduced Mana Costs for casting spells, at the cost of a very high Mana Regen delay.
1x Avenger Emblem, 10x Mana Crystal

Chaos Sigil - Work in progess! Currently in the game, but will do nothing upon being equipped.
1x Avenger Emblem, 10x Mana Crystal


---Prefixes/Modifiers for Accessories---
Twinkling - +5 mana regen
Shimmering - +10 mana regen
Sparkling - +15 mana regen
Glistening - +20 mana regen

Curious - 2% reduced mana usage
Imbued - 4% reduced mana usage
Enchanted - 6% reduced mana usage
Ancient - 8% reduced mana usage




------Recipes------

2 New Recipes For: Mana Crystal
1x Life Crystal, 1x Fallen Star
and
1x Life Crystal, 3x Mana Potion

1 New Recipe for: Life Crystal
1x Mana Crystal, 3x Healing Potion

1 New "Recipe" for: Fallen Star
Bought from Merchant




------Enemies------
Fallen Star Zombie
Drops: 3x Fallen Stars
Spawns at night
Note: Very dangerous up close!!!


New enemies, NPC's, items, and more will be coming soon!